Please answer the following general questions:

1. What is your desired compensation range? (Range meaning the least you're comfortable with to the most you think you're worth.)
50k - 65k per year

2. When can you start?
Immediately - 2016-09-08

3. Do you have any planned vacations/absences in the next six months that we should know about?
Standard Thanksgiving- or Christmas-time trip to see family in Utah.  My father has late-stage liver cirrhosis and needs a transplant, though he is stable and the condition is progressing slowly at the moment. I would obviously need to go and see him if the condition progresses too much or he suddenly passes.

4. SparkFun is a dog-friendly environment. Are comfortable working aroung dogs? If you are a dog-owner, would you see yourself bringing dogs to work?
Dogs are great!  I'd be completely comfortable working around dogs.  We had 3 dogs until about a year ago: Buster Brown, a Dachshund-Chihuahua mix; Puppy, a long-haired Dachshund mix; and Suki, a Boston Terrier.  Unfortunately we couldn't find a place out here that allowed that many pets (we still have 2 cats that are not adoptable) so we had to give the dogs up (who were all highly adoptable and friendly) to the Dumb Friends League.  When we're finally in a place that allows more pets, we'll probably rescue a Golden Retriever.  Bring on the dogs!

5. The active developer keeps up on happenings in the world of development and technology. Where do you you get your news?
For development-specific stuff, mostly bugs and security: PHP.net/zend.com, us-cert.gov and a few random developer blogs for the latest in fancy coding or development, like the Amazon AWS blog.  For more general news and info: slashdot, techcrunch, gizmodo, anandtech, phys.org.

6. The sane developer does things other than writing code. What else occupies your time?
Creative writing, learning baking and the chemistry involved, DnD and co-op videogames with friends and family, learning to play piano, camping and hiking.

7. The worldy developer is in touch with some form of culture (books, music, film, etc.). How do you go about feeding this part of your brain?
I'm fond of classical music, especially classical piano, and can play a little.  My favorite books are classics and anything by Ray Bradbury.  I write short fiction and the occasional bad poem and am in the (very) early stages of a long-form work.  I watch science and technology shows and documentaries and listen to a couple of science podcasts.  Generally, my brain never stops hungering.  For "Indeed, the pursuit of knowledge is hopeless and eternal.  Hooray!"

8. Please critique any of the SparkFun websites. With influence over the SparkFun dev team what would *you* focus on improving?
I'm an absolute beginner in the DIY tinkering field, but your sites, at first glance, are excellent: your product pages are clear and informative, your tutorials have excellent photos and step-by-step instructions, and your forum appears active and has interesting discourse and contributions from employees and others.  I would be interested in seeing a "prototype lab" - an SVG-based web interface for configuring the physical layout of various components, a bit like those architecture/interior decorating programs.  You could see what would fit on your board or inside your custom case, or determine where holes needed to be drilled.  A clever simulation could probably estimate the amount of heat generated by that configuration under different operating loads or conditions.